Administrator - Administrate the site feature
News Editor - Create/Publish News articles
Registered User
Site Visitor - View/Search/Share News Articles


As a Site Visitor I want to easily navigate to the news landing page so that I can read the latest happenings of the DGU team.
As a Site Visitor I want to see a list of the latest news articles in chronological order.
As a Site Visitor I want to browse the latest news stories on the news landing page so that I can choose to read what interests me.
As a Site Visitor I want to search for news stories so that I can find news about a specific topic.
As a Site Visitor I want to share news stories on my preferred social network so that I can engage my social network in DGU team happenings.


As a Registered user I want to easily navigate to the news landing page to browse the latest news articles from the DGU Team.
As a Registered user browsing the latest news articles I want to be able to bookmark a news article to my profile so that I can read or reference it in the future.
As a Registered user reading a news article I would like to see an option to flag a news article if I think it is offensive or incorrect.

As a News Editor I want to see a list of news articles which I have published in my user profile.
As a News Editor I want to see a list of news articles which have been flagged as inappropriate or offensive in my user profile.
As a News Editor I want to receive an email if an article I have published has been flagged as inappropriate or offensive.
As a News Editor I want to be able to see a link or button to publish a new DGU News Article

As an Administrator on the news landing page I would like to see a list of flagged news articles.
As an Administrator I want to edit a news article which has been flagged.
As an Administrator I want to easily create or promote a News Editor user.
As an Administrator I want to have the ability to publish a new News Article.
As an Administrator I would like to see some statistics.
